Andrew McMorrow
Minneapolis, MN 55421
andrew.michael@gmail.com 
621-384-8959
amcmorrow.com 
 

Technical Skills & Projects 
 
Ecommerce Management, Email Marketing, Revenue Generation, Project Leadership, Data Analysis, Technical Skills,
Marketing Expertise, User Experience Optimization, Automation, Trend Awareness, Reporting and Analytics, 
Sales and Customer Engagement, Website Migration, Content Creation, Inventory Management, 
Wholesale Dealer Portal Management, Responsive Web Design, SQL Database Management, 
Data-Driven Decision Making, Communication and Collaboration. 


Relevant Work Experience

Revo Brands | Oct 2021 - Present
Ecommerce Manager, Plymouth, MN
Optimized RealAvid.com website and wholesale dealer portal for improved user experience and sales. Managed 
ecommerce data and reporting, including sales, customer data, product churn, and site traffic analysis. Designed 
and optimized product listings, descriptions, and keywords for improved discoverability and conversions. 
Implemented Klaviyo for data-driven email marketing campaigns and automated systems for data collection and 
notifications.
 
Dakota Stones | July 2018 - Oct 2021
Ecommerce Specialist, Edina, MN
Successfully migrated ERP system from Intuit POS to Bright Pearl and Shopify and managed data migration from POS 
to SQL databases. Led website transitions from 3dCart to Shopify and ColdFusion to Shopify, responsible for data 
management and reporting for sales, customers, product churn, and site traffic. Experienced in custom HTML, CSS, 
and JS development for Shopify theme functionality and re-platformed Dakotastones.com to a responsive theme on 
3dCart. Managed the physical inventory process, created product listings via CSV, and created weekly email 
campaigns, ads for print, and content for Dakota Stones' blog and social media sites. Additionally, served as a sales 
associate at trade shows. 

Treasure Island | July 2015 - June 2018
Senior Digital Specialist
Red Wing, MN
Designed and developed the Treasure Island Casino website (TICasino.com) and implemented email marketing 
using ExactTarget. Managed various digital media campaigns, including SEO, SEM, PPC, social media, and display 
ads. Also, designed and scheduled digital media for both in-casino and out-of-casino locations, including highway 
LED signs. Experienced in editing video footage for social media and managing email campaigns and mailing lists. 
Additionally, designed and coded the Mount Frontenac Golf Course website. 


Education 

Brown College | April 2006 	 
Mendota Heights, MN 
AA in Visual Communications with Emphasis on Multi-Media 
Relevant Course work includes:  
Ecommerce Fundamentals, Digital Marketing, Web Design and Development, Multimedia Content Creation, Email 
Marketing and Automation, Ecommerce Analytics, Mobile Commerce, UI and UX Design, Online Payment Systems and 
Security, Supply Chain Management, Social Media Strategies for Ecommerce, CRM, A/B Testing and Conversion 
Optimization, Online Advertising and Retargeting, Ecommerce Project Management.
